added known issue for global hub (#6225)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_global.adoc

If a managed hub cluster imports an {ocp-short} 3.11 cluster (deprecated) as managed cluster, it cannot redirect to the _Observability_ page in the *Global Hub* > *Overview* dashboard.

You need to manually navigate to your target page.

[#compliance-cron-job-error]
== Compliance cron job error

> Reference the compliance cron job for a summary of the daily job status of the policy by compliance and event tables. When you reimport the managed hub cluster to the {global-hub} cluster with a different name, this reimport causes two events from the same policy but with different managed hub cluster names. These different events cause the daily compliance cron job status to run the error, `pq: ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE command cannot affect row a second time`. 

Reviewer: suggest: this reimport causes -> this reimport might cause

> Reference the compliance cron job for a summary of the daily job status of the policy by compliance and event tables. When you reimport the managed hub cluster to the {global-hub} cluster with a different name, this reimport causes two events from the same policy but with different managed hub cluster names. These different events cause the daily compliance cron job status to run the error, `pq: ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE command cannot affect row a second time`. 

Reviewer: I'm a little bit confused about the expression "Reference the compliance cron job for a summary of the daily job status of the policy by compliance and event tables. "

The original meaning is "The compliance cronjob is used to summarize the daily status of the policy by compliance and event table."

@jc-berger 
Maybe because my understanding of English isn't thorough enough, could you help me confirm if the above statements means the same thing?

Author: @yanmxa good point, thanks! So, I simply wanted the sentence to be more user focused. Basically, I wanted users to know how they use the cron job to view the summary of the daily statuses. 

Let me know what you think of my rewrite. If it's still confusing, I can go back to what you originally had and what you included above :)

Reviewer: It's okay. We can proceed this PR

> Use the compliance cron job to view a summary of the daily job status of the policy by compliance and event tables. When you reimport the managed hub cluster to the {global-hub} cluster with a different name, this reimport might cause two events from the same policy but with different managed hub cluster names. These different events cause the daily compliance cron job status to run the error, `pq: ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE command cannot affect row a second time`. 

Reviewer 2: can you confirm we are writing cron job correctly?

> Use the compliance cron job to view a summary of the daily job status of the policy by compliance and event tables. When you reimport the managed hub cluster to the {global-hub} cluster with a different name, this reimport might causes two events from the same policy but with different managed hub cluster names. These different events cause the daily compliance cron job status to run the error, `pq: ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE command cannot affect row a second time`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the compliance cron job to view a summary of the daily job status of the policy by compliance and event tables. When you reimport the managed hub cluster to the {global-hub} cluster with a different name, this reimport might cause two events from the same policy but with different managed hub cluster names. These different events cause the daily compliance cron job status to run the error, `pq: ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE command cannot affect row a second time`. 
```

> To workaround this error, complete the following steps:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To work around this error, complete the following steps:
```

. Restart the managed hub cluster. 

> . Restore the prior compliance history data by running the following SQL: 

Reviewer: The following SQL only restores the history of yesterday.  

Is the time range covered by 'prior' too broad?

> . Restore the compliance history data from yesterday by running the following SQL: 

Reviewer: Suggest: change the `from` to `for`. The restored history data is yesterday's data
"Restore the compliance history data for yesterday by running the following SQL:"

> +

Reviewer 2: We need a space here to offset the code. I will change it. Remember to space bar before a code sample.
